###############################################################################
#                                                                             #
# Copyright (C) 2013,2017 Edward d'Auvergne                                   #
#                                                                             #
# This file is part of the program relax (http://www.nmr-relax.com).          #
#                                                                             #
# This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify        #
# it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by        #
# the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or           #
# (at your option) any later version.                                         #
#                                                                             #
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,             #
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of              #
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the               #
# GNU General Public License for more details.                                #
#                                                                             #
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License           #
# along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.       #
#                                                                             #
###############################################################################


Licensing
=========

These files are licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version:

blank_150x150.png:                          Copyright (C) 2013 Edward d'Auvergne
consistency_testing_100x47.png:             Copyright (C) 2011 Sebastien Morin
consistency_testing_150x70.png:             Copyright (C) 2011 Edward d'Auvergne
consistency_testing_200x94.png:             Copyright (C) 2011 Sebastien Morin
custom_150x150.png:                         Copyright (C) 2011 Edward d'Auvergne
noe_150x150.png:                            Copyright (C) 2011 Edward d'Auvergne
noe_200x200.png:                            Copyright (C) 2011 Edward d'Auvergne
noe_600x600.png:                            Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
r1_150x150.png:                             Copyright (C) 2011 Edward d'Auvergne
r1_200x200.png:                             Copyright (C) 2011 Edward d'Auvergne
r1_600x600.png:                             Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
r2_150x150.png:                             Copyright (C) 2011 Edward d'Auvergne
r2_200x200.png:                             Copyright (C) 2011 Edward d'Auvergne
r2_600x600.png:                             Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
relax_disp_150x150.png:                     Copyright (C) 2013 Edward d'Auvergne
relax_disp_200x200.png:                     Copyright (C) 2013 Edward d'Auvergne
relax_disp_600x600.png:                     Copyright (C) 2013 Edward d'Auvergne


EPS conversion
==============

To convert from PNG to EPS, use the Gimp to export the image and set the width and height to 600 mm and both offsets to 0 mm.
