###############################################################################
#                                                                             #
# Copyright (C) 2017 Edward d'Auvergne                                        #
#                                                                             #
# This file is part of the program relax (http://www.nmr-relax.com).          #
#                                                                             #
# This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify        #
# it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by        #
# the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or           #
# (at your option) any later version.                                         #
#                                                                             #
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,             #
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of              #
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the               #
# GNU General Public License for more details.                                #
#                                                                             #
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License           #
# along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.       #
#                                                                             #
###############################################################################


Licensing
=========

GPLv3+
------

These files are licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version:

analysis_mf.png:                            Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
analysis_noe.png:                           Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
analysis_r1.png:                            Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
analysis_r2.png:                            Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
analysis_wizard.png:                        Copyright (C) 2012-2013 Edward d'Auvergne
pipe_editor.png:                            Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
relax_controller.png:                       Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
relax_gui_model_free_tab.png:               Copyright (C) 2011 Edward d'Auvergne
relax_gui_noe_tab.png:                      Copyright (C) 2011 Edward d'Auvergne
relax_gui_r1_tab.png:                       Copyright (C) 2011 Edward d'Auvergne
relax_gui_r2_tab.png:                       Copyright (C) 2011 Edward d'Auvergne
relax_prompt_1_3_8.png:                     Copyright (C) 2011 Edward d'Auvergne
relax_prompt_mode.png:                      Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
relax_prompt.png:                           Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
relax_script_1_3_8.png:                     Copyright (C) 2011 Edward d'Auvergne
relax_script_mode.png:                      Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
results_viewer.png:                         Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
spin_viewer.png:                            Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
start.png:                                  Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
xmgrace_peak_intensities.png:               Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne

