###############################################################################
#                                                                             #
# Copyright (C) 2017 Edward d'Auvergne                                        #
#                                                                             #
# This file is part of the program relax (http://www.nmr-relax.com).          #
#                                                                             #
# This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify        #
# it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by        #
# the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or           #
# (at your option) any later version.                                         #
#                                                                             #
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,             #
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of              #
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the               #
# GNU General Public License for more details.                                #
#                                                                             #
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License           #
# along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.       #
#                                                                             #
###############################################################################


Licensing
=========

GPLv3+
------

These files are licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version:

analysis_tab_full.png:                      Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
analysis_wizard1.png:                       Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
analysis_wizard2.png:                       Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
blank.png:                                  Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
fin.png:                                    Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
mc_sim.png:                                 Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
peak_intensity_bb_peaks.png:                Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
peak_intensity_blank.png:                   Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
peak_intensity_err_type.png:                Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
peak_intensity_replicates1.png:             Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
peak_intensity_replicates2.png:             Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
peak_intensity_times.png:                   Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
peak_intensity_trp_peaks.png:               Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
peak_intensity_warnings.png:                Copyright (C) 2012 Edward d'Auvergne
